SDE examples (#2030)
arbor-sim/arbor: doc/concepts/mechanisms.rst

* ``bbp_catalogue`` For models published by the Blue Brain Project (BBP).
* ``allen_catalogue`` For models published on the Allen Brain Atlas Database.

A fourth catalogue ``stochastic_catalogue`` provides mechanisms expressed as stochastic differential
equations:

> * *noisy_expsyn_curr* Synapse mechanism similar to *expsyn_curr*, where the exponential decay is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *ornstein_uhlenbeck* Synapse mechanism that can stochastically account for a population of *expsyn_curr* synapses. The mechanism is mathematically equal to *expsyn_curr* but with the exponential decay being
```
Relating to comment below.
